Show pickling issues in notebook on windows (#3991)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

## PyMC3 3.9.x (on deck)
This release [does not support Python 3.6 anymore](https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0029-deprecation_policy.html). Use Python 3.7 or higher.

### Maintenance

> - Fix an error on Windows an Mac where error message from unpickling models did not show up in the notebook (see [#3991](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3991)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an error on Windows and Mac where error message from unpickling models did not show up in the notebook (see [#3991](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3991)).
```

Author: done

### Documentation
- Notebook on [multilevel modeling](https://docs.pymc.io/notebooks/multilevel_modeling.html) has been rewritten to showcase ArviZ and xarray usage for inference result analysis (see [#3963](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3963))

### New features
- Add sampler stats `process_time_diff`, `perf_counter_diff` and `perf_counter_start`, that record wall and CPU times for each NUTS and HMC sample (see [ #3986](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3986)).

> - Introduce an option argument `mp_ctx` to control how the processes for parallel sampling are started (see [#3991](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3991))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce optional arguments to `pm.sample`: `mp_ctx` to control how the processes for parallel sampling are started, and `pickle_backend` to specify which library is used to pickle models in parallel sampling when the multiprocessing context is not of type `fork`. (see [#3991](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3991)).
```

Author: done
